My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose
Until we reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
Oh, no, I'm gonna be late!
What am I gonna do?
Hey, girl!
-Want a ride?
-Onizuka-sensei!
It's beautiful weather.
Shall we go all the way to the beach?
No! We'll be late in a minute!
I know, I know!
We have plenty of time!
Weekly Duty
Safe!
See? We made it.
Thank you.
That's Onizuka!
Wasn't it Fuyutsuki-sensei
riding on the back?
-Are you serious?
-How come they came together?
-He's helping her off!
-They make a cute couple.
Mathematics II
It was awesome! I never knew
how good it feels to ride a bike.
You become one with the wind.
Maybe I should get a license.
So, how far did you two go?
You know, with Onizuka-sensei.
It's about time you felt
comfortable with teaching.
I wouldn't be surprised if I heard
about you having a relationship.
How far?
Onizuka-sensei and I don't have
that kind of relationship.
It's so easy to see
through you, Fuyutsuki-sensei.
If someone asks you "How far?,"
you should say, "Just to Shonan"...
...instead of worrying so much.
I'm not saying love affairs
are banned here...
...but there are so many
gossipy people at our school.
Japanese 2
I'm so sorry. I was looking away.
Oh, no. Me too. I didn't see you.
Are you all right, Fuyutsuki-sensei?
I'm just fine, really. I'm sorry.
I'm a scatterbrain.
Teshigawara-sensei, wasn't it?
You're a math teacher.
I'm glad. You remembered me.
I still can't match a name
and a face in many cases.
How are you doing?
Have you gotten used to our school?
So-so. I'm still new...
...and it's hard to grasp
what the students are thinking.
I don't know why, but I haven't
been able to get much sleep lately.
I'm nervous all the time. I also feel
like someone is always watching me.
I understand. I was the same way
when I first started.
What? Do you get nervous too,
Teshigawara-sensei?
You're cruel. I do get nervous too.
Of course. I'm sorry.
Let's do our best, both you and me,
as teachers.
Shit! Can't anything be done
about Mr. Onizuka?
Did you see him this morning?
That crappy bike!
He looked like
a member of a bike gang!
It's unbelievable that
he rode such a thing to school!
I can't believe there is a teacher
who would ride such a bike to school!
Indeed. The way Onizuka interacts with
Miss Fuyutsuki seems a bit dangerous.
Is that so?
I can tell just by looking
in her eyes. Between you and me...
...there's a rumor that Onizuka was
seen coming out of her apartment.
-Sakurada-sensei!
-Yes.
I don't think we should be gossiping
about the private life of a teacher.
But, Mr. Teshigawara....
I just don't want to lose a respectable
boss like you, Sakurada-sensei.
You're right.
You are absolutely right.
I will not forgive anyone who
dirties Fuyutsuki's image...
...because she is my--
Who left an adapter lying around here?
It's my adapter.
I'm so sorry. Did it erase
anything, Sashitukaigawara-sensei?
Teshigawara
It's Teshigawara.
No big deal. I'm sure it was just
erotic graphics you downloaded.
I never downloaded such a thing!
Don't be so stiff. If you want,
I'll print a really amazing one.
I downloaded it from a foreign site,
Chosigawara-sensei!
Teshigawara
It's Teshigawara.
I hate a person who graduated
from a third-rate college...
...is not ashamed of it
and is thick-skinned.
In this day and age, we should
be grateful we're not starving.
There are many who graduated from
Tokyo University who have no job.
If you think about it, we're lucky.
We get paid each month and we get
a free lunch at school. Right?
Sashigawara-sensei?
Did I say something to offend him?
Ota
Society of the Study
of Victimization in Education
Why is he working
in the same school as I am?
I'm a Tokyo University graduate,
and he's from a third-rate college.
It makes me puke to think
we're breathing the same air!
Mathematics I
Teacher?
Teacher!
Oh, sorry. I was daydreaming.
You must get tired from
working part-time as a tutor.
I'm all right.
Hold on a second.
I'll ask for some tea for you.
Let's take a break.
Calm down.
Calm down, Suguru Teshigawara.
When I get home,
Arcadia will be waiting for me.
That's right. When I open the door....
I'm home.
Oh, Azusa, have you
lost weight recently?
What? You're mean, Misako!
A girlfriend from college again.
Good buddies, huh?
Bargain? No, thanks.
I can't wear brand-name outfits,
because I'm a teacher.
That's right.
If you don't like brand names...
...you can wear a simple white blouse.
It'd look great on you.
Besides, I want a personal computer.
IMac? Yeah, that's it!
I can feel the adrenaline rushing
through my blood just listening to you.
This is my Arcadia, my perfect world.
Hold on. There's a call coming in.
Hello? Onizuka-sensei!
Come on, Onizuka-sensei!
Just wait, Azusa.
I promise I will protect you!
Good morning.
Teshigawara-sensei!
Do you use the Inogashira Line?
Yes. I live in Kugayama.
Me too. What a coincidence!
I had no idea.
I'm always taking the latest possible
train. That's why I didn't know.
You're going in early today?
I wanted to finish typing
my handouts at school.
You should have finished it at home.
Don't you have a computer?
No, I don't. I think
it would be convenient if I did.
Would you let me give you one?
I'll teach you how to use it too.
Why don't you come visit me?
I'll come, if it's for a PC!
When would be good?
Let's see.... Tomorrow I need to make
handouts for class and the day after.
What about tonight?
Yes, with pleasure! I'm so happy.
Now it won't be as troublesome
as it's been.
And if I get a home computer,
it means I can surf the Net too.
I'm going to send lots of e-mail!
Good morning.
You're not with Onizuka-sensei today?
Fuyutsuki-sensei,
are you dating two guys?
-No, that's not what it is.
-You shouldn't tease your teachers.
Double-dater!
Fuyutsuki-sensei, don't pay attention.
-You're right.
-Now, let's go.
Fuyutsuki-sensei, good morning.
What are you doing?
Onizuka-sensei!
Oh, shit!
- Wait, Onizuka-sensei!
- Onizuka-sensei?
Are you listening?
It belongs to the school!
It's not a costume!
Are you listening, Onizuka-sensei?
Wait!
Onizuka-kun? Idiot!
Keep on acting silly, Onizuka.
Very soon my world will become perfect.
I won't allow anyone to interrupt.
Azusa is mine!
Well done.
I'm having an adrenaline rush.
If it continues, my blood pressure
will record an all-time high!
It's gonna be
my happiest night tonight.
Welcome.
Nice room. Neat and clean too.
The walls and furniture
are coordinated in white.
-Have a seat. I'll make you tea.
-I'll do it.
Don't worry. You're a guest.
By the way, that's the one.
Is this it? Laptops are so small.
What's this string?
-Would you like to pull it?
-Is it O.K.?
I prepared it for you.
For me?
Don't be afraid. Be courageous.
What is this?
I've been watching you all along.
This is the proof.
Teshigawara-sensei!
I'm always watching over you.
I'll never let you go.
Sensei.
Natural Spring Water
But I know that reality is
not as sweet as fantasy.
If she saw her own photos here,
she'll probably run away barefoot.
If she finds out that
I can look into her room...
... I'll be labeled a stalker...
...and lose my status and everything
I've worked for. I'm not that dumb!
I'll spend time with Azusa
in front of the string.
There is a fine line between
pleasure and self-destruction.
It's almost like walking in a trench
coat without wearing anything under it!
Ah, beta-endorphins!
Here she comes!
Welcome!
Howdy.
Hey, Teshigawara-sensei. What happened?
Please open the door!
Why is that guy here?
It's not part of my plan.
It was not part
of my data for analysis!
Could he have detected my plan
with an animal-like intuition...
...and he's trying to interrupt?
What are you doing?
How did you unlock the door?
How? With a wire because
you wouldn't let me in.
If someone locks you out,
you force yourself in?
Go home.
I'm expecting an important guest.
If you're waiting for Fuyutsuki-chan,
she's not coming.
Her student was caught shoplifting,
so she left school in a hurry.
She's not coming.
My Azusa is not coming?
So I was asked to come for her.
Is this it? The personal computer?
No! That's the brand-new G3/400!
Hey, who said you could come in?
Don't just pull out the USB cables!
What is this string?
I see. It must be a present
for Fuyutsuki-chan.
When pulled, would a confetti ball
break open? What an idea!
Don't touch!
It won't ruin the effect or anything.
Just go!
You are just unbelievable! Here!
This is the laptop I was going
to give to her. Just take it and go!
You won't let me pull the string?
I can't get it out of my mind.
Don't worry! Go home, please! Just
looking at your face irritates me!
I see. You'll be happy when I leave.
Then I'll leave.
-But I can't get it out of my mind.
-Just go. Hurry!
I can't get it out of....
There! I got it!
Stop it! Please, I beg of you!
-I understand.
-Oh, you understand!
If you keep insisting,
I'll want to see it even more!
What?
Get ready!
Stop it!
Don't pull it! Don't pull it!
Don't pull it!
Please, calm down, Teshigawara-sensei!
It was a joke. A joke!
Shut up!
Teshigawara-sensei, are you all right?
Get out!
You should go to a hospital.
Or shall I call for an ambulance?
If you don't get out,
I will kill you for sure this time.
Get out!
If you don't get out soon....
See you!
Onizuka, you're just
a third-rate college graduate...
...and you teased me,
a Tokyo University graduate!
I'll never forgive you!
You'll see what I can do.
I will use my connections and make sure
you don't go anywhere near my Azusa!
Is that so? If it's true,
it is a serious problem.
Of course I trust you, Teshigawara-sensei.
I'll look into it.
And I'll bring it up
in the organization I sponsor...
...the Society of the Study
of Victimization in Education.
I will not tolerate
a juvenile-delinquent teacher teaching.
Please help me out.
We are just teachers and we have
no say in teacher discipline.
So I'd appreciate it if someone
like you, Ohta-san, could take over.
No problem. You're always taking such
good care of our daughter, Hidemi.
Certainly. I don't know
how much the principal favors him.
We will definitely impeach him
and justice will be served.
What did the teacher say?
Teshigawara-sensei said he wanted
to discuss something about school.
Really?
Go to bed.
You have an early morning, don't you?
Yes.
Onizuka, as long as he is there,
my world will not become perfect!
I need to eliminate him!
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
Next Episode
Wonderful. Azusa is coming
to cook dinner for me!
Take care of yourself,
because you are mine.
It's a punishment. Lick it!